# Bonsai App

**Privacy Policy**

This page is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the Bonsai app.

If you choose to use the Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using the Service, it may require you to provide it with certain personally identifiable information. The information requested will be retained on your device and is not collected.

**Log Data**

Be informed, that whenever you use the app, in a case of an error in the app, data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data is collected. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

The app may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate the service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

Be informed that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

**Security**

We are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your personal information. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.

This policy is effective as of 2020-06-05

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact bonsaitheapp@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
